Fetch from the remote of each selected project.

Runs git fetch in every project of the current group, in the projects named, in the ones a label
selector matches, or with --all-groups in every project. Git fetches from the remote of the
checked-out branch, else from the only remote, else from origin, as a git fetch typed in the
repository would, and updates the references that remote's fetch refspecs name (remote-tracking
references by default) and its tags, never the checked-out branch or the working tree. The parallel
setting caps how many projects fetch at once, and the results print in the order the projects are
listed.

Each project prints one line, one of the results listed below, with a reason in parentheses and the
details under it. A project whose repository cannot be read, or in which git finds no remote to
fetch from, is skipped before git fetch runs. A project whose spec.paused is true is paused: no git
command runs in it.

Git never prompts: a fetch that needs a password, a passphrase or a host key is denied, one that
runs past the networkTimeout setting is killed, and only the transports in the protocols setting are
allowed. The exit status is 1 when any project was denied or failed.

Usage: slipway fetch [OPTIONS] [NAME... | project/NAME...]

Arguments:
  [NAME]...
          The name of a project.

Options:
  -l, --selector <EXPR>
          Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', '!=', 'in', 'notin' (e.g. -l
          key1=value1,key2=value2,key3 in (value3)). Matching objects must satisfy all of the
          specified label constraints.

  -A, --all-groups
          If present, fetch every project across all groups. The group in the current configuration
          is ignored even if specified with --group.

      --prune
          Before fetching, remove any remote-tracking references that no longer exist on the remote.

      --dry-run
          Print what would change and write nothing.

  -h, --help
          Print help (see a summary with '-h').

Results:
  When more than one project ran, a count of the results closes the run on stderr. With --dry-run no
  remote is contacted: a project that would be fetched reads fetched, and every line and the count
  end in (dry run). Ctrl-C stops the git processes slipway started and exits with status 130.

  fetched           The remote moved refs, and up to 5 follow: origin/main a1b2c3d..e4f5a6b for a
                    ref that moved, origin/feature d09a085 (new) for a new one and origin/feature
                    deleted (was d09a085) for one --prune removed. A last line, and N more, counts
                    the rest. Tags appear under their bare name. With git before 2.41, every fetch
                    that succeeds reads fetched, without the refs.
  unchanged         The remote answered and had nothing new.
  skipped (Reason)  No fetch ran: git could not read the repository (Missing, NotARepo, Unsafe,
                    Unknown), git has no remote to pick because there is no upstream, no origin and
                    either no remote or more than one (NoRemote), or the branch tracks a local
                    branch (LocalUpstream).
  paused            spec.paused is true, so no git command ran in the project.
  denied (Reason)   Git needed a password, a passphrase or a host key (AuthRequired). Run the git -C
                    PATH fetch printed below it once in a terminal to see what git needs.
  failed (Reason)   The fetch ran past networkTimeout (Timeout), used a transport protocols leaves
                    out (ProtocolNotAllowed), or git failed for another reason (Unknown).

Examples:
  # Fetch every project in the current group
  slipway fetch

  # Fetch every project in every group
  slipway fetch -A

  # Fetch two projects of the work group
  slipway fetch api web -n work

  # Fetch the projects labeled lang=rust and prune deleted branches
  slipway fetch -l lang=rust --prune

  # List the projects a fetch would reach, without contacting any remote
  slipway fetch -A --dry-run

Use "slipway --help" for a list of global options (applies to all commands).
