Fetch each selected project and fast-forward its branch.

Runs in every project of the current group, in the projects named, in the ones a label selector
matches, or with --all-groups in every project. Each project is fetched as slipway fetch fetches it
and compared with its manifest as slipway diff compares it, and its checked-out branch is
fast-forwarded onto its upstream when the branch tracks an upstream that still exists, is behind it
without commits of its own, has no staged, unstaged or conflicted changes and no merge, rebase or
other operation in progress. Untracked files do not stop it, and git refuses a fast-forward that
would overwrite one. Sync never merges, rebases, stashes, resets, switches a branch or changes a
remote.

A project whose spec.syncPolicy is FetchOnly is only fetched, and one whose spec.paused is true is
left alone: no git command runs in it. A project pinned by spec.revision is fast-forwarded up to
that commit instead of its upstream, only when its upstream holds the commit, never past it, and
never moved back to it.

Each project prints one line, one of the results listed below, with a reason in parentheses and the
details under it. The parallel setting caps how many projects fetch at once, fast-forwards run one
at a time, and the results print in the order the projects are listed.

With --dry-run nothing is fetched or written: the plan is made from the last fetch.

Usage: slipway sync [OPTIONS] [NAME... | project/NAME...]

Arguments:
  [NAME]...
          The name of a project.

Options:
  -l, --selector <EXPR>
          Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', '!=', 'in', 'notin' (e.g. -l
          key1=value1,key2=value2,key3 in (value3)). Matching objects must satisfy all of the
          specified label constraints.

  -A, --all-groups
          If present, sync every project across all groups. The group in the current configuration
          is ignored even if specified with --group.

      --prune
          Before fetching, remove any remote-tracking references that no longer exist on the remote.

      --dry-run
          Print what would change and write nothing.

  -h, --help
          Print help (see a summary with '-h').

Results:
  When more than one project ran, a count of the results closes the run on stderr. With --dry-run
  every line and the count end in (dry run). Ctrl-C stops the git processes slipway started and
  exits with status 130; a fast-forward it stops ends as one stopped at the deadline.

  fast-forwarded    The branch moved. For a move onto the upstream, the detail names the commits it
                    gained, as main a1b2c3d..e4f5a6b (3 commits), and the command that undoes the
                    move; a move up to a spec.revision pin ends in (to the pinned revision).
  fetched           The fetch of a FetchOnly project moved refs; the refs follow as in slipway
                    fetch.
  unchanged         The branch stayed where it was and nothing blocked it; the fetch may still have
                    moved remote-tracking refs.
  skipped (Reason)  The branch stayed where it was: a blocker stopped it, under the name slipway
                    diff gives it; git refused the fast-forward (WouldOverwrite for untracked files
                    in the way, WouldLoseChanges for local changes git status does not show, Busy
                    for a lock another git process holds on the index, HEAD or the branch,
                    NotFastForward for a branch that gained a commit since the check); or the
                    project was skipped before its fetch, as in slipway fetch (Missing, NotARepo,
                    Unsafe, Unknown, NoRemote, LocalUpstream).
  paused            spec.paused is true, so no git command ran in the project.
  denied (Reason)   The fetch or the fast-forward needed a password, a passphrase or a host key
                    (AuthRequired), as in slipway fetch.
  failed (Reason)   The fetch or the fast-forward ran past networkTimeout (Timeout), used a
                    transport protocols leaves out (ProtocolNotAllowed), or git failed for another
                    reason (Unknown). A fast-forward stopped at the deadline leaves the branch where
                    it was, but the files git had already written stay in the working tree, and the
                    detail names the command that lists them.

Exit Status:
  0    Every selected project was fast-forwarded, fetched, left unchanged, skipped or paused.
  1    Runtime error, such as a missing resource or an unreadable manifest, or a project whose fetch
       or fast-forward was denied or failed.
  2    Usage error: missing or unknown command, unknown flag or invalid argument.
  130  Interrupted by SIGINT.

Examples:
  # Sync every project in the current group
  slipway sync

  # Sync every project in every group
  slipway sync -A

  # Sync two projects of the work group
  slipway sync api web -n work

  # Show what sync would do from the last fetch, without contacting any remote
  slipway sync -A --dry-run

Use "slipway --help" for a list of global options (applies to all commands).
