Roll back a project to a previous revision.

Moves the checked-out branch to the revision before the current one, or to the one --to-revision
names from slipway rollout history, and then writes that commit to spec.revision, so sync holds the
project there until slipway rollout unpin. The branch moves back with git reset --keep, only when
its upstream holds every commit the move drops, and forward, to undo an undo, with git merge
--ff-only. Untracked files and unstaged changes to files the move leaves alone are kept; git refuses
a move that would overwrite a local change or an untracked file, and slipway refuses one that would
overwrite an ignored file. A move back skips a project with staged changes, and a move forward one
with staged or unstaged changes.

A project whose HEAD is detached, whose branch has no commits or no upstream that exists, that is in
the middle of a merge, rebase or other operation, or whose branch has commits its upstream lacks, is
skipped with the reason and nothing is moved or written. A paused project can be rolled back:
pausing only keeps fetch and sync away.

The project prints one line, one of the results listed below, with a reason in parentheses and the
details under it.

With --dry-run nothing is moved or written, and the line ends in (dry run).

Usage: slipway rollout undo [OPTIONS] (<NAME> | project/<NAME>)

Arguments:
  <NAME>
          The name of a project.

Options:
      --to-revision <N>
          The revision to roll back to, as slipway rollout history numbers it. 0, the default, is
          the revision before the current one.

      --dry-run
          Print what would change and write nothing.

  -h, --help
          Print help (see a summary with '-h').

Results:
  rolled back       The branch moved, or it already stood at the revision and only spec.revision
                    changed. The detail names the commits it crossed and the command that lets sync
                    follow the upstream again.
  unchanged         The branch already stood at the revision and spec.revision already held it.
  skipped (Reason)  Nothing moved and nothing was written. git could not read the repository
                    (Missing, NotARepo, Unsafe, Unknown); the branch cannot move (Conflicted,
                    Detached, Unborn, NoUpstream, Gone, InProgress); the history has no such
                    revision (NoHistory, NoPrevious, UnknownRevision) or the repository no such
                    commit (RevisionNotFound); a move back would drop commits the upstream lacks
                    (LocalCommits) or staged changes (Dirty), or the revision is off the branch's
                    history (Diverged); a move forward needs a tree without staged or unstaged
                    changes (Dirty) and a revision on the upstream (OffUpstream); or git refused the
                    move (WouldLoseChanges, WouldOverwrite for untracked or ignored files in the
                    way, Busy, NotFastForward for a branch that moved since the check).
  denied (Reason)   A partial clone had to fetch the files the move writes and the remote asked for
                    a password, a passphrase or a host key (AuthRequired), as in slipway fetch.
  failed (Reason)   The move ran past networkTimeout (Timeout) or git failed for another reason
                    (Unknown), and spec.revision was not written, though a move stopped at the
                    deadline keeps the files git had already written, as in slipway sync; or the
                    branch moved but spec.revision could not be written (NotPinned), and the detail
                    names the --to-revision command that writes it without moving the branch again.

Exit Status:
  0    The project was rolled back, or already stood at the revision and was held there.
  1    Runtime error, such as a missing resource or an unreadable manifest, or a project that was
       skipped or whose move was denied or failed.
  2    Usage error: missing or unknown command, unknown flag or invalid argument.
  130  Interrupted by SIGINT.

Examples:
  # Roll back project hldr to the previous revision
  slipway rollout undo hldr

  # Roll back project hldr to revision 3
  slipway rollout undo hldr --to-revision=3

  # Show where undo would move project hldr, without moving or writing anything
  slipway rollout undo hldr --dry-run

Use "slipway --help" for a list of global options (applies to all commands).
