Show where each selected project differs from its manifest.

Compares every project of the current group, the projects named, the ones a label selector matches,
or with --all-groups every project, with its manifest. Each project that differs prints its name and
one line per difference: Missing, Remote, Branch, Revision or Behind, then the blocker that keeps
sync from fast-forwarding the branch, if any. A line is followed by the git command that shows or
resolves it when there is one; slipway never runs it. A project that matches its manifest prints
nothing.

The repositories are read as they are on disk: diff contacts no remote and writes nothing, so Behind
is as of the last fetch, which slipway fetch refreshes. A project pinned by spec.revision is
compared with that commit instead of its upstream, and is blocked when the repository lacks the
commit, HEAD is past it or its upstream does not hold it. A paused or FetchOnly project shows a
blocker only when git cannot read its repository.

Usage: slipway diff [OPTIONS] [NAME... | project/NAME...]

Arguments:
  [NAME]...
          The name of a project.

Options:
  -l, --selector <EXPR>
          Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', '!=', 'in', 'notin' (e.g. -l
          key1=value1,key2=value2,key3 in (value3)). Matching objects must satisfy all of the
          specified label constraints.

  -A, --all-groups
          If present, compare every project across all groups with its manifest. The group in the
          current configuration is ignored even if specified with --group.

  -h, --help
          Print help (see a summary with '-h').

Drift:
  Missing   The registered path is relative or is not a directory. For a path that is not a
            directory, a project with spec.remote shows the git clone command that recreates it.
  Remote    origin is absent or differs from spec.remote. Sync never changes a remote.
  Branch    HEAD is detached or on another branch than spec.branch. Sync never switches branches.
  Revision  HEAD is not the commit spec.revision pins. The pin replaces the upstream, so a pinned
            project is never Behind; under FastForward sync will fast-forward a branch behind the
            pin to it unless a blocker stops it, and never moves a branch back.
  Behind    The checked-out branch is behind its upstream. Under FastForward sync will fast-forward
            it unless a blocker stops it; under FetchOnly, or while spec.paused is true, it is only
            reported.

Blockers:
  A blocker says why the checked-out branch cannot be fast-forwarded, onto its upstream or, for a
  project pinned by spec.revision, onto the pin. The first three mean git could not read the
  repository and apply to every project; the others apply only under FastForward to a project that
  is not paused, and RevisionNotFound, PastRevision and OffUpstream only to a pinned one.

  NotARepo          The directory exists but holds no repository.
  Unsafe            git refused the repository because another user owns it (safe.directory); the
                    git command that trusts it follows.
  Unknown           git could not answer; the reason is also printed once on stderr.
  Detached          HEAD points at a commit rather than a branch.
  Unborn            The branch has no commits yet.
  Gone              The upstream is configured but its ref no longer exists.
  NoUpstream        The branch tracks no upstream.
  RevisionNotFound  The repository has no commit by the name spec.revision pins.
  PastRevision      HEAD is past the pinned commit or on another line of history, so reaching the
                    pin would move the branch back.
  OffUpstream       The upstream does not hold the pinned commit, which may be on another branch or
                    a fork; sync moves a branch only along its upstream.
  Conflicted        The branch is behind and the working tree has unmerged paths.
  Dirty             The branch is behind and has staged or unstaged changes; untracked files do not
                    block.
  Diverged          The branch is behind and has commits of its own.
  InProgress        The branch would be fast-forwarded, but a merge, rebase, cherry-pick, revert,
                    bisect or git am is in progress.

Exit Status:
  0    Every selected project matches its manifest.
  1    Runtime error, such as a missing resource or an unreadable manifest, or a project whose state
       is Unknown because git failed or did not finish.
  2    Usage error: missing or unknown command, unknown flag or invalid argument.
  3    At least one selected project differs from its manifest or is blocked, including a directory
       that holds no repository (NotARepo) and a repository git refuses (Unsafe).
  130  Interrupted by SIGINT.

Examples:
  # Show where the projects of the current group differ from their manifests
  slipway diff

  # Show every project that differs, in every group
  slipway diff -A

  # Compare two projects of the work group
  slipway diff api web -n work

  # Compare the projects labeled lang=rust
  slipway diff -l lang=rust

Use "slipway --help" for a list of global options (applies to all commands).
