Show details of one or many resources.

Print a detailed description of the selected resources, including the state of the repository at the registered path and where it differs from the manifest. You may select a single object by name, all objects of that type, or use a label or field selector.

Status is one of the words listed below. Last Fetch reads <never> when git answered and no fetch is on record, and a field with no value reads <none>. When git cannot read the repository, the Repository block holds git's reason instead of the fields.

Resource types: projects (project, proj) and groups (group). Type words are case-insensitive.

Status Words:
  STATUS is the first of these words that holds, in this order.

  Missing      The registered path is relative, or is not a directory on this machine.
  NotARepo     The directory exists but no repository contains it.
  Unsafe       git refused the repository because another user owns it (safe.directory); describe, diff and fetch print the git command that trusts it.
  Conflicted   The working tree has unmerged paths.
  Detached     HEAD points at a commit rather than a branch.
  Unborn       The branch has no commits yet.
  Dirty        Staged, modified or untracked files are present.
  Gone         An upstream is configured but its remote-tracking ref is gone, as of the last fetch --prune (or a fetch with fetch.prune set).
  Diverged     The branch is both ahead of and behind its upstream, as of the last fetch (FETCHED).
  Ahead        Commits not yet pushed to the upstream, as of the last fetch (FETCHED).
  Behind       Commits on the upstream not yet pulled, as of the last fetch (FETCHED).
  Clean        Nothing to do.
  Unknown      git could not answer: it is not installed, it did not finish within 10 seconds, or it failed for a reason slipway does not classify. Each distinct reason is printed once on stderr per run.

Examples:
  # Describe a project
  slipway describe project hldr

  # Describe every project in the work group
  slipway describe projects -n work

  # Describe the projects labeled lang=rust
  slipway describe projects -l lang=rust

  # Describe the projects on the main branch
  slipway describe projects --field-selector status.branch=main

  # Describe a group
  slipway describe group work

Options:
  -l, --selector EXPR         Selector (label query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', '!=', 'in', 'notin' (e.g. -l key1=value1,key2=value2,key3 in (value3)). Matching objects must satisfy all of the specified label constraints.
      --field-selector EXPR   Selector (field query) to filter on, supports '=', '==', and '!=' (e.g. --field-selector key1=value1,key2=value2). Projects support metadata.name, metadata.group, spec.path, status.state, status.branch, status.lastFetch; groups support metadata.name. Values compare exactly, case included, with the object -o json prints: spec.path as registered, status.lastFetch as an RFC 3339 time. A field the object leaves out compares as the empty value, except status.lastFetch, which compares as never. A backslash escapes a backslash, a comma or an equals sign in a value.
  -A, --all-groups            If present, list the requested object(s) across all groups. The group in the current configuration is ignored even if specified with --group.

Usage:
  slipway describe (TYPE [NAME...] | TYPE/NAME...) [flags]

Use "slipway --help" for a list of global options (applies to all commands).
